{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10360\viewh14620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Our team\'92s (Oakley, Ruben, Marcus, Nathan, and Ehko) project is an Oregon trail clone. Using standard input/output commands, the program asks for user for their name and continuously prompts the user for inputs to determine their actions throughout the game. The program keeps track of variables and constants such as health, food, distance, events and alive status. The program uses a variety of well named integers to keep track of game status. The program will use outputs such as print, turtle graphics, and pygame. This program is being implemented to solve the problem of a lack of a modern recreation of the Oregon trail. Using functions and control structures we are able to control the outcome and direct the story of the game using control structures such as If else statements, and functions for the options menu. The program will also use a function with a variable scope to \'85 (not sure yet.) Lists will be used to \'85(not sure yet) \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
User input, The program asks for user for their name and continuously prompts the user for inputs to determine their actions throughout the game.\
\
Decision Structures: Decision structures are implemented via the \'93what do you want to do\'94 prompt at the beginning of the game. The program offers the user 5 options.\
\
Repetition structures: This is implemented via the While game not over loop. This ensures that the user is given prompts to continue the game until the conditions miles to go <= 0 are met then or the health <= 0 and ends the game\
\
Functions: function for the options menu (not done yet) For each event the program will use a function that uses pygame to give the program a graphical interface for each event.\
\
Read/write to files: (not done yet) using a save file to maintain data so the user can save and continue their game after closing the program.\
\
Lists: (not done yet) the program will use a list for the options to select from when prompted. (We will change from the current choice = input) method\
\
Error handling: We will use the error handling to make sure the game doesn\'92t fail from being provided bad data\
\
statistics: we will use Matplotlib to maintain user statistics and give the user their stats at the end of the game.\
\
Turtle graphics: We will have art for the game using turtle graphics.}